in the restaurant community it's so
simple to help those in need
I read their local newspaper every
morning and I read an article saying
that crisis ministries which is one of
Charleston's big shelters was having to
close down their food service one day a
week and I thought to myself this is
insanity it was somewhat gut-wrenching
and very emotional because we have
existed for 27 years to feed people and
to help people in need and we were faced
with balancing our budget and one of the
decisions that we made was to simply cut
out a meal once a week and the idea came
to me let's take up the challenge of
feeding those people one day a week 52
weeks a year
Mickey called me one morning and he said
hey listen I think I have a really good
idea why don't we get one restaurant a
restaurant from our community 52 total
defeat the need once a week for the year
make it reached out to our chefs and our
restaurants in this city and not one
person said now they were like we'll be
there I love the idea because it was so
grassroots and so hands-on the first one
that we did Mickey and I were in the
kitchen and for as far as we could see
around the street and around the corner
it was a line and for two solid hours we
were feeding people and feeding families
and children we fed over 400 people that
day it kind of has a reverse effect on
you you become the one that's grateful
that you have the ability to do that for
them i mean i usually leave they're
going my car and cry I get emotional
thinking about it
every single Wednesday a different
restaurant walks into a shelter and
opens their hearts to those that needeth
feed the need is something that could be
easily executed anywhere in any city in
America every day I am just overjoyed to
be part of a community that without
hesitation said we can help that's the
greatest feeling to be part of a group
like that